hi this is Robin Moses and I'm here with
my evil client now we're gonna do a
special thing today and nails magazine
contacted me with to do an easy design
and to do a harder design that is worth
learning so this is my easy design I
don't do a lot of easy designs online I
mean on YouTube because there's a lot of
girls that do easy designs that do them
better than me like I don't do a lot of
easy designs at my job and I pretty much
just take my life so I am showing you in
fact I'm doing this too good so here we
go I'm I what I did for it my easy
design is I did a French manicure so if
you guys do a French manicure and you
mess it up or it's all flunky and Blanc
II then just get through it and get your
manicure okay so I'm gonna use let me
see me scroll back here okay here is a
regular skewer you know shish kabob
skewer and then I got nippers oh
goodness gracious
takeout night with that and then I
hadn't flowing the spear this is gonna
be all fuzzy so I wanna I want to take
it down oh my god yeah like this okay
see how you have around and okay that
will be my big daughter okay if I if
it's too big then you then you kind of
turn twist and turn twist and turn it
while you're filing and you make them
smaller and smaller and that's how you
make different sized dotting tools if
you don't have dotting tools and batting
tools are very inexpensive but if you
need something and you don't have
dotting tools this is 99 cents a bag or
whatever at any grocery store okay maybe
a dollar ninety-nine line isn't really
great okay so here's my palette I have
white teal pink and purple and I'm going
to go in with purple and I'm just gonna
dot dot dot around see how I take the
line out of that I'm gonna scroll down
now this is why this is so easy because
if you have a dip here on your French
manicure then you just take it out you
just want to just and if you have if
you're going to be wearing like red and
black somewhere then you just match the
colors and go right along the line of
the French manicure and it kind of it
kind of conceals all of your mess ups so
you can really do anything you really
want to do like that okay now I'm going
to go in with teal and I have the skinny
side of my breath my daughter and I can
go in between
and go down and see how the edges
it totally conceals all flaws now if
you're going to a party then you can use
like silver tips and you can do black
dots and white dots on there and you can
go and go over there and and add little
circles from those glitters that have
the circles in them you know you see
other girls doing them using that
glitter with the little circles in there
those are really great to add extra
circles that are perfectly circular and
if you want to go down farther you can
you can I mean you can just go through
so that half of it is polka dot and half
of it is clear but yeah this is like one
of the one of the easiest designs that I
could think of to do to show you guys
because it you can really use it for
something that's really really nice and
just just match the colors perfectly or
just something really fun and you just
want to have a good time what was really
super cute how you use this is that you
can totally do all of the I'm just going
to go to the next color
you can you can do all the rainbow
colors and then it looks almost like
candy when you're done and then go
inside in the middle of the Purple's
like see how they stick out because it
looks just like happy it looks like a
little party
and this is on my evil client and she is
and she's like what are you doing to me
oh you're helping girls that want to
learn so she does she is she loves them
don't you apply it I do or else I
wouldn't be getting with somebody how
funny is that these are hilarious for
her because we're usually painting
demons so anyway this is um I I did this
um differently than the ones in nails
magazine on purpose so that you guys can
see how different it looks with
different colors and the more different
types that you use the better see now
all of my line is covered across the
middle and look how cute that's very
very cute and very simple to do and with
no money no extras if you want to go in
and spend a little bit of extra money
you can go in and put some stones in
there bling it up you know add a little
bit of glitter whatever but basic cheap
and highly recommend it and I'll show
you the end result okay and let me
scroll down so you guys can see so
hopefully you guys can see this well I
[Music]
upload every Monday Wednesday and Friday
with new tutorials so keep an eye out
and tell everybody and I just learned
about tumblr so if you guys are on
tumblr please tumble these nails so that
everybody can see them because I want to
be on tumblr more I love Tumblr I think
it's a great site so forgetting anything
oh if you show me these please show me
at Robin Moses fan page at Facebook I
love looking at nail art and I want to
see these done in all different colors
by new girls just getting their licenses
and stuff and thank you nails magazine
and I will see you back with more have a
good night bye